let me take all this crap out of my
pockets
nice
come on
a second I'll grab these two but uh
foreign
nice
this is also a sprout
foreign
[Music]
all right
foreign
okay
how much are we billing for I don't know
I don't know
I did like two two one
no we did like three plus the call
it's way more exciting when you can hear
that
plus we can use that for um
one two or two one two one
six one
second
two seven
three
seven four
ah
five seven
oh
yeah damn
the chopped served
ah
not not used to it I guess
do you have any other wait your service
yeah what's up
Gerald Thomas any other hours in
February is asking for building
uh
[__] no no
whatever I told her
is what it is did you tell her something
in Prior months or
sorry hold on
yeah I did
she should just look at the DMS with
I don't know
all right uh
yeah yeah definitely don't be
can't go home until
we're done all right it's over it's
stuck
serious
oh it's all right
what once
one two
excuse me
three two
nice threes
four three
of course
[Music]
fives
yeah
five six
six seven
oh one too static
sevens oh yeah
I mean seven
Eights
foreign
there's that 5K I did yesterday
for real yeah
all right you're up three to one
good place to be
ready yeah
2-1
thank you
one three
Four Hands just too good
140.
buy one
six one
oh oh I would love to get on that one
two six
oh
five seconds
there's three balls in my jacket
I picked him up earlier if we could hold
him off yeah
five seven yeah
eight six
foreign
that was insane all right
you take four one for you today man
last week I was good